welcome to slash forward
what would you do if you unexpectedly
gave birth to an adult male
swamp creature's head a question
explored but left unanswered by the 2016
film
anti-birth for more support dealing with
the trauma of an alien abduction
subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we open on a run-down
industrial building the inside of which
contains a raging punk rave whose
participants are really feeling the
groove and leaving it all on the dance
floor
lou heavily under the influences led off
the floor by warren
a man who can't possibly have good
intentions if we're going based
solely on appearance yeah i said it when
we catch up with her again we hear she's
been feeling ill for a couple of days
and has
pains all over anna decides to cut right
to it when was the time of your last
period and recommends she see a doctor
since as a veterinarian's assistant
she has nothing to offer other than an
unused container of prenatals in her
cupboard instead the ladies go
scavenging for booze and snacks
while making their selections lou
confirms she hasn't been sexually active
in months
so she doubts pregnancy as the culprit
of her symptoms sadie however recommends
she
go ahead and hop off her bender for a
few days to let things even out a bit in
her body
kinda like an elimination diet but for
controlled substances
and even though they haven't yet ruled
out that she's suffering from the
whiskey shits they begin proactively
discussing possible options for how to
handle the pregnancy
getting a little ahead of themselves we
then swoop back in with warren who we
find is working for gabriel and they're
engaged in the business of harvesting
clean urine for drug testing
gabe has to run trish off from the
fridges he also recently acquired a
stash of some new designer drug the
street kids are gonna go absolutely nuts
over
once he figures out how to cut it here
warren cryptically asks what the plan is
for lou
but all we learn is they intend to do
nothing as they presume she would not be
credible if she attempted to rat on them
so warren proceeds with his day making
piss deliveries to their clientele
meanwhile the ladies returned to lou's
inherited trailer after putting on a
record and getting sufficiently grooved
out lou takes a rip off her bong before
letting the microwave tickle her little
party crasher with its radioactive
energy
lou then engages in a deep analysis of
the merits of beastmaster
before her corndogs explode filling the
trailer with an ominous smoke
that evening at an isolated gas station
a woman rolls up and takes a few minutes
to caress one of the missing posters
a couple of gabe's boys pull up and
start scoping out her ride
she requests their departure and manages
to avoid an involuntary future career in
the sex
trade via her trusty buck knife back at
the trailer lou is busy trying to piece
together what she remembers about her
night with warren but is drawing a total
blank
she then recognizes that she is
completely broke and will need to pick
up a shift if she wants to keep partying
and maybe a few extra if she actually
ends up being preggers she and sadie
push past this to go do some miniature
bowling which happens to be the same
spot where gabe runs his drug
and prostitution venture he has his
ladies take the dudes out back to make
love in a buick
and while hard at work a strange man
walks up to take a peek
gabe's enforcer attempts to preserve the
sanctity of the car shenanigans but the
man
is just enamored with the process of
human procreative sex
so he lingers to get his fill and once
he's topped off he willingly backs away
into the night we return to the trailer
at daytime where lou wakes up to
discover she's suffering from
discouragingly
gooey nipples but she pushes through
getting dressed as luke arrives to give
her a ride into town
she hits him up for a solid asking him
to retrieve a pregnancy test for her and
while he's in there lou is accosted by a
very aggressive tweaker who gets run off
by luke
luke suspects that gabe's new stuff is
getting the junkies about town all riled
up
lou however believes gabe is full of
crap and just a washed out loser with a
brain
addled by all the tests performed on him
while he was in the military
lou then heads into work where the two
ladies get geared up for some cleaning
as she begins turn down service she's
struck by a sudden bout of bubble gut
which causes her to puke
it also knocks loose some repressed
memories that seem to indicate some
strange things went down in that
industrial tunnel she wakes up later to
find
lorna in her room she had left something
behind and came to retrieve it finding
lou passed out in the bathroom
she helped her into bed and hopes to
exchange some of that goodwill for a
simple conversation
she's very lonely but lou has some rooms
to clean and welcomes her to head for
the mountains
lou then finishes her shift and walks
home later lou and sadie are back at it
boozing and snacking and pondering the
odds of lou being pregnant
lou figures she would be unable to
conceive as she recounts the charming
story of when she had to jump off the
dance floor at the club to have a sudden
and surprising discharge in the bathroom
that was about six months ago and she
hasn't had sex since then so she's
fairly confident of her status
nonetheless she heads in to take the
test and promises to call sadie with any
news about the outcome
meanwhile warren arrives the piss lab
looking for gabe
but instead finds jade stinking on the
floor is something has clearly gone
wrong
concurrent with this lou discovers
encouragingly that the impossible
sometimes
is possible this discovery comes with
these subsequent discoveries that she
has some sort of strange markings on one
side of her neck and a whole sheet of
superfluous skin on the other we find
gabe blasting out some sets back at his
base when warren shows up he delivers
the news about jade and we learned that
he was working on figuring out the best
way to split up the new stuff
they figured that he didn't do a
particularly good job and also likely
got a little too eager with testing the
product it distresses sadie to learn
that they didn't fully establish the
safety of their product before
administering an unknown dosage to lou
back at the trailer lou is barely able
to get over her fresh body horror when
the trailer takes to shaking violently
followed by what seems like someone
trying to get in the front door
she ends up keeping an all-night vigil
through several seasons apparently and
dreams of that one pervert giving her a
pep talk about her bright future
this then transitions to a nightmare in
which a couple of teletubbies give her
an ultrasound before she wakes up the
next morning
she then crawls over to the counter to
try to get herself upright which is a
difficult proposition considering her
now bulging uterus
along with that she has the normal
swelling of her lower extremities at a
company pregnancy and discovers that her
feet are basically nothing but blister
at this point she opens it up to relieve
the pain and she does have some toilet
paper for dressing so it should heal up
pretty well
an unknown amount of time later she
wakes up to a knock at her door it's
lorna and she's at her trailer now
she pushes her way in to get out of the
cold even though no one invited her
and claims to be here to help and has a
general idea of what lou's symptoms are
turns out lorna went through a similar
situation and had no one and wants to
make sure it's not like that for lou
lou agrees to accept her help and they
head off to get some food
along the way we learned that lou's
father was a military man and that laura
was enlisted as well
she worked with the radar team and tells
a spooky story about a time they were
laid out by some sort of
tremendous humming light she's not sure
what it was but she has some sort of
psychic powers now that allow her to
sense the waves of trauma
emanating off of others they continue
this conversation all the way to the fun
zone where they've stopped for lunch and
to ruin some kid's party here they meet
up with warren to see if he can provide
any additional info about what happened
he claims that gabe put him up to
whatever it was but what it was
even he is not sure about he just knows
gabe was paying him and is in the employ
of a mysterious man named isaac they
express their displeasure with his
actions and then proceed on their way
we then circle around to gabriel and
sadie having a similar conversation
through which we learn that gabe does in
fact deliver women to the mysterious
isaac as one of his revenue streams
being an
enterprising young entrepreneur but he
also doesn't know what the guy wants or
how he's using the ladies
as lou and lorna arrive back at the
trailer they hit a bit of a dead end on
what to do next
lorna shares that at one point she had a
foreign object in her arm that some
alien hungry group of freaks extracted
from her while lou
isn't necessarily concerned about this
lorna points out to her that even if she
doesn't believe in all that stuff
they do so it still represents some
danger to her as lorna continues to
regale her with fairy tales of abduction
and mutilation lou gets some rest and
has her rancid feet tended to
in the morning sadie arrives with some
coffee and donuts
she wants to check in on lou's wellness
which she finds to be
generally poor prompting her to suggest
she visit gabe or
possibly a hospital lou instead opts to
revisit the party site to see if there's
any evidence there about what happened
to her as they head that way lou begins
to get the brain jitters again as her
mind blossoms
and she turns up a memory of getting
injected with something she comes clean
here confirming that gabe needed to test
out his cheap drugs and utilized lou as
a guinea pig
having acquired this info they head back
to the trailer again where the labor
pains begin to set in amidst the storm
which is a bad omen and they begin to
prep
while that's going on sadie reports back
to gabe who wants more info about her
condition so we can start selling his
drugs
and we learned during this meeting that
isaac is the weird pervert we met
previously and he gives an order to
bring lou
in gabe and his cronie get to the
trailer suited up for a swat mission
while inside lou is
innocently preparing to run a rehearsal
of her aerial show
through the magic of gravity she is soon
crowning and then gives birth to a
beautiful baby swap man but before she
can imprint on her newborn the soldiers
bust in and separate them
gunning lorna down in the front yard
gabriel begins to get a general sense
that something strange is afoot and
isaac puts the child to sleep so he can
talk to lou about being a vessel for his
alien masters
based on his experience with their home
planet he's concluded that she has
sufficient conception capabilities due
to her years of acclimation to hellish
toxic environments
despite the fact that there's not much
else going on with her right now
lu still desires body autonomy and she
pursues this with extreme prejudice then
we learned that the head was just ahead
but there's still a whole adult body in
there
the emergence of which totally empties
lou out which is only a partially
accurate depiction of birth based on
what i know the final gunman then walks
in to hear
baby's first word
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch
i'd like to take a moment to give huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall of head shots
[Music]
you know this movie was strange but i'm
not sure if it was strange enough
it seems like if you want to delve into
the surreal you kind of have to go with
a full measure in that direction like
saint bernard this movie does have some
good bones to it and i hope it finds its
audience
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching